SOURCE CODE:

@ compare (value#a : floating; value#b : floating)
{
	if (value#a > value#b)
		return value#a
	else
		return value#b
}


OUTPUT:
Token               Lexeme              

separator           @                   
identifier          compare             
separator           (                   
identifier          value#a             
operator            :                   
keyword             floating            
separator           ;                   
identifier          value#b             
operator            :                   
keyword             floating            
separator           )                   
separator           {                   
keyword             if                  
separator           (                   
identifier          value#a             
operator            >                   
identifier          value#b             
separator           )                   
keyword             return              
identifier          value#a             
keyword             else                
keyword             return              
identifier          value#b             
separator           }                   

